Pt 159406104 sc ws dry call contract (#2091)
aeternity/aeternity: docs/release-notes/next/PT-159406104_SC_WS_dry_call_contract.md

> * Adds anew WebSocket method for dry-running off-chain contracts: `channels.dry_run.call_contract`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds a new WebSocket method for dry-running off-chain contracts: `channels.dry_run.call_contract`.
```
